>> Ifill: THE HEAOF TD HE
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY FACED
CLOSE QUESTIONING IN THE SENATE
TODAY OVER EXPANSIVE, TOP-SECRET
SURVEILLANCE PROGRAMS.
GOOD EVENING, I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF.
ON THE "NEWSHOUR" TONIGHT, THE
N.S.A. DIRECTOR DEFENDED THE
AGENCY'S ACTIONS, STATING,
"WE'RE TRYING TO PROTECT
AMERICANS."
JEFFREY BROWN EXAMINES THE
PUBLIC'S ATTITUDES TOWARD
BALANCING PRIVACY AND SECURITY.
>> Ifill: THE GOVERNMENT OF
TURKEY OFFERED A POSSIBLE OLIVE
BRANCH TO PROTESTERS TODAY TO
BRING AN END TO MORE THAN A WEEK
OF UNREST IN ISTANBUL.
>> THERE WAS A LOT OF
BACK-AND-FORTH FIGHTING WITH
PROTESTERS, LOTS OF THINGS, PLOD
THINGS MOVING THROUGH THE AIR
AND ULTIMATELY, OF COURSE, THE
POLICE WON THAT BATTLE.
>> Woodruff: PAUL SOLMAN REPORTS
ON PEOPLE WORKING BEYOND
RETIREMENT AGE, EVEN INTO THEIR
HUNDREDS, AND WHETHER HAVING
MORE OLDER WORKERS IS A PLUS FOR
THE ECONOMY, SOCIAL SECURITY AND
MORE.
>> Ifill: AN ACCUSED BOSTON MOB
BOSS HAS HIS DAY IN COURT, WE
LOOK AT THE TRIAL OF WHITEY
BULGER, CHARGED WITH INVOLVEMENT
IN 19 MURDERS CARRIED OUT BY THE
WINTER HILL CRIME GANG.
>> Woodruff: AND WE CONTINUE OUR
"FOOD FOR NINE BILLION" SERIES
WITH A STORY FROM SINGAPORE.
ON ONE FARM-OWNER'S BID TO GET
AROUND THE LACK OF OPEN LAND BY
TAKING FARMING IN A NEW
DIRECTION.
>> LAND HERE COMES AT A PREMIUM,
FORCING PEOPLE TO EXPAND UP
RATHER THAN OUT.
AND IT'S NOT JUST OFFICTOWEE RS
AND APARTMENT COMPLEXES THAT ARE
REACHING SKYWARD: SINGAPORE NOW
HAS ONE OF THE WORLD'S FIRST
COMMERCIAL VERTICAL FARMS.
>> Ifill: THAT'S ALL AHEAD ON
TONIGHT'S "NEWSHOUR."
>> Woodruff: FOR THE FIRST TIME,
THE MAN RUNNING THE NATIONAL
SECURITY AGENCY SPOKE PUBLICLY
TODAY ABOUT EXTENSIVE
SURVEILLANCE OF PHONE CALLS AND
ONLINE COMMUNICATIONS.
HE DEFENDED THE EFFORTS AND
SAID, "WE'RE TRYING TO PROTECT
AMERICANS."
RAY SUAREZ BEGINS OUR COVERAGE.
>> Reporter: ARMY GENERAL KEITH
ALEXANDER CAME TO A SENATE
HEARING TO DISCUSS CYBER-
SECURITY IN GENERAL.
BUT THE QUESTIONS QUICKLY TURNED
TO SURVEILLANCE.
VERMONT DEMOCRAT PATRICK LEAHY
PRESSED HIM TO TELL WHAT THE
N.S.A. HAS TO SHOW FOR ITS
EFFORTS.
>> HAS THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY KEPT TRACK OF HOW MANY
TIMES PHONE RECORDS OBTAINED
THROUGH SECTION 215 OF THE
PATRIOT ACT WERE CRITICAL TO THE
DISCOVERY AND DISRUPTION OF
TERRORIST THREATS?
>> I GAVE AN APPROXIMATE NUMBER
TO THEM IN A CLASSIFIED.
>> SO WHAT'S THE NUMBER OF
THEM...
>> BUT IT'S DOZENS OF TERRORIST
EVENTS THAT THESE HAVE HELPED
PREVENT.
>> Reporter: OTHERS, INCLUDING
OREGON DEMOCRAT JEFF MERKLEY,
WANTED TO KNOW MORE.
>> SO HERE I HAVE MY VERIZON
PHONE.
MY CELL PHONE.
WHAT AUTHORIZED INVESTIGATION
GAVE YOU THE GROUNDS FOR
ACQUIRING MY CELL PHONE DATA?
>> YOU KNOW I THINK ON THE LEGAL
STANDARDS AND STUFF, ON THIS
PART HERE, I THINK WE NEED TO
GET DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE AND
OTHERS, BECAUSE IT IS A COMPLEX
AREA.
I THINK WHAT WE'RE DOING TO
PROTECT AMERICAN CITIZENS HERE
IS THE RIGHT THING.
OUR AGENCY TAKES GREAT PRIDE IN
PROTECTING THIS NATION AND OUR
CIVIL LIBERTIES AND PRIVACY.
>> Reporter: ALEXANDER SAID HE'S
BOTHERED BY HOW EDWARD SNOWDEN,-
AN INTELLIGENCE CONTRACTOR AT
N.S.A.-- COULD LEARN OF THE
SURVEILLANCE PROGRAMS, AND THEN
LEAK THEM.
SNOWDEN'S LAST KNOWN WHEREABOUTS
WERE HONG KONG.
AND TODAY, HE WAS HEARD FROM
AGAIN.
IN AN INTERVIEW WITH THE "SOUTH
CHINA MORNING POST", HE
DECLARED: "I AM NEITHER TRAITOR
NOR HERO.
I'M AN AMERICAN."
HE INSISTED HE WOULD NOT FLEE.
INSTEAD, HE SAID, "MY INTENTION
IS TO ASK THE COURTS AND PEOPLE
OF HONG KONG TO DECIDE MY FATE."
MANY IN CONGRESS HAVE CONDEMNED
SNOWDEN AND DEFENDED THE
N.S.A.'S ACTIVITIES, WHICH KEY
COMMITTEES MONITORED ALL ALONG.
OTHERS VOICED NEW CONCERN
YESTERDAY AS THEY EMERGED FROM
CLOSED-DOOR MEETINGS WITH
INTELLIGENCE OFFICIALS.
DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN BRAD
SHERMAN OF CALIFORNIA SAID HE
WAS SURPRISED BY THE SCOPE OF
THE MONITORING UNDER THE SECRET
FISA COURT.
>> I DID NOT KNOW A BILLION
RECORDS A DAY WERE COMING UNDER
THE CONTROL OF THE FEDERAL
EXECUTIVE BRANCH.
>> Reporter: MARYLAND DEMOCRAT
DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER SAID IT'S
HIGH TIME FOR A FULL-SCALE
AIRING OF THE PRIVACY-VERSUS-
SECURITY ISSUE.
>> CONGRESS NEEDS TO DEBATE THIS
ISSUE AND DETERMINE WHAT TOOLS
WE GIVE TO OUR INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY TO PROTECT US FROM
TERRORIST ATTACKS.
>> Reporter: LAWMAKERS WILL GET
TO ASK MORE QUESTIONS TOMORROW,
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS, WHEN THE
HOUSE AND SENATE RECEIVE
SEPARATE BRIEFINGS ON THE
N.S.A.'S SURVEILLANCE.
>> Ifill: WE'LL HAVE MORE ON
AMERICAN'S ATTITUDES ON
BALANCING PRIVACY AND SECURITY
LATER IN THE BROADCAST; BETWEEN
NOW AND THEN; CALMING THE UNREST
IN TURKEY; WORKING BEYOND
RETIREMENT AGE; A NOTORIOUS
ALLEGED MOTER BSGOES ON TRIAL IN
BOSTON AND FARMING IN A
SINGAPORE HIGH-RISE.
BUT FIRST, WITH THE OTHER NEWS
OF THE DAY.
HERE'S KWAME HOLMAN.
>> Holman: A COLORADO WILDFIRE
FORCED EVACUATIONS OF MORE THAN
7,000 PEOPLE TODAY, AS IT BURNED
OUT OF CONTROL IN RECORD HEAT
AND HIGH WIND.
OFFICIALS SAID THE BIG BLAZE MAY
HAVE DESTROYED 100 HOMES SO FAR,
WITH HUNDREDS MORE IN JEOPARDY,
NEAR COLORADO SPRINGS.
AS THE FLAMES SPREAD, MORE THAN
900 PRISONERS HAD TO BE MOVED
FROM A STATE PRISON.
THE FIRE IS BURNING IN AN AREA
NEAR LAST YEAR'S WALDO CANYON
FIRE THAT WIPED OUT NEARLY 350
HOMES.
FORECASTERS ARE KEEPING AN
ANXIOUS WATCH ON A HUGE STORM
SYSTEM THAT COULD AFFECT 75
MILLION AMERICANS IN 19 STATES,
OVER THE NEXT TWO DAYS.
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE
ISSUED ITS HIGHEST ALERT TODAY
FOR IOWA, ILLINOIS, INDIANA, AND
OHIO.
THE SYSTEM COULD BRING HEAVY
THUNDERSTORMS, TORNADOES AND
EVEN A RARE, STRAIGHT-LINE WIND
STORM KNOWN AS A DERECHO.
THE U.S. SENATE WRANGLED TODAY
OVER HOW SECURE THE MEXICAN
BORDER HAS TO BE BEFORE
IMMIGRATION REFORM KICKS IN.
REPUBLICAN CHARLES GRASSLEY OF
IOWA, CALLED FOR FULL BORDER
CONTROL FOR SIX MONTHS, BEFORE
ANYONE IN THE COUNTRY ILLEGALLY
MOVES TOWARD CITIZENSHIP.
DEMOCRATS, INCLUDING PATRICK
LEAHY OF VERMONT, OBJECTED.
IT WAS PART OF THE DEBATE ON AN
IMMIGRATION BILL AUTHORED BY THE
SO-CALLED "GANG OF EIGHT"
SENATORS.
>> THE GROUP OF EIGHT, SAY
THEY'RE OPEN TO IMPROVING THE
BILL.
WELL, MY AMENDMENT, NOW BEFORE
THE SENATE, DOES JUST THAT.
MY AMENDMENT IMPROVES THE
TRIGGER THAT JUMP STARTS THE
LEGALIZATION PROGRAM.
IT ENSURES THAT THE BORDER IS
SECURE BEFORE ONE PERSON GETS
LEGAL STATUS UNDER THIS ACT.
>> I WILL OPPOSE EFFORTS THAT
IMPOSE UNREALISTIC, EXCESSIVELY
COSTLY, OVERLY RIGID, INHUMANE
OR INEFFECTIVE BORDER SECURITY
MEASURES.
AND I WILL OPPOSE EFFORTS TO
MODIFY THE TRIGGERS IN WAYS THAT
COULD UNDULY DELAY OR PREVENT
THE EARNED LEGALIZATION PATH
WE'VE WAITED TOO LONG ALREADY.
>> Holman: CURRENTLY THE BILL
CALLS FOR IMPROVEMENTS TO THE
BORDER FENCE AND OTHER TRIGGERS
BEFORE IMMIGRANTS ARE GRANTED
NEW STATUS.
IN MOSCOW, AS MANY AS 15,000
PROTESTERS MARCHED TODAY TO
DENOUNCE RUSSIAN PRESIDENT
PUTIN.
THE DEMONSTRATORS, INCLUDING
OPPOSITION LEADERS, CRITICIZED
PUTIN FOR AUTHORITARIAN RULE AND
DEMANDED FREEDOM FOR DISSIDENTS
ARRESTED AT PUTIN'S
INAUGURATION.
THE TURNOUT WAS FAR BELOW THE
100,000 WHO PROTESTED AGAINST
PUTIN BEFORE HE WON HIS THIRD
TERM AS PRESIDENT LAST YEAR.
FORMER SOUTH AFRICAN PRESIDENT
NELSON MANDELA REPORTEDLY IS
RESPONDING BETTER TO MEDICAL
TREATMENT TODAY.
THE 94-YEAR-OLD MANDELA HAS BEEN
HOSPITALIZED FIVE DAYS WITH A
RECURRING LUNG INFECTION.
SOUTH AFRICA'S CURRENT PRESIDENT
JACOB ZUMA SHARED NEWS OF THE
IMPROVEMENT IN A PARLIAMENTARY
ADDRESS.
>> WE ARE VERY HAPPY WITH THE
PROGRESS THAT HE IS NOW MAKING
FOLLOWING A DIFFICULT FEW DAYS.
WE APPRECIATE THE MESSAGES OF
SUPPORT FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD.
>> Holman: MANDELA SPENT 27
YEARS IN PRISON UNDER SOUTH
AFRICA'S APARTHEID REGIME.
IN 1994, HE BECAME THE COUNTRY'S
FIRST BLACK PRESIDENT.
A 10-YEAR-OLD PENNSYLVANIA GIRL
WITH CYSTIC FIBROSIS RECEIVED A
LUNG TRANSPLANT TODAY FROM AN
ADULT DONOR.
SARAH MURNAGHAN'S CASE DREW
NATIONAL ATTENTION WHEN A
FEDERAL JUDGE LAST WEEK ORDERED
HER PLACED ON THE ADULT
TRANSPLANT LIST, OVERRULING
HOSPITAL PROCEDURES.
THE JUDGE ALSO ADDED AN 11-YEAR-
OLD BOY TO THE LIST.
AS MORE CARS LET DRIVERS USE
ON WALL STREET, STOCKS TUMBLED
AGAIN OVER RENEWED WORRIES OVER
WHETHER THE FEDERAL RESERVE WILL
REIN IN ITS STIMULUS EFFORTS.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
DROPPED BACK UNDER 15,000,
LOSING 126 POINTS TO CLOSE AT
14,995.
THE NASDAQ FELL 36 POINTS TO
CLOSE AT 3,400.
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE DAY'S
MAJOR STORIES.
NOW, BACK TO JUDY.
>> Woodruff: WE RETURN NOW TO
TURKEY AND THE PROTESTS AGAINST
PRIME MINISTER ERDOGAN THAT HAVE
GRIPPED THE COUNTRY.
AN UNEASY CALM HELD IN TAKSIM
SQUARE AT MID-MORNING IN
ISTANBUL, RIOT POLICE RESTED
AROUND A MONUMENT TO MODERN
TURKEY'S FOUNDING FATHER, KEMAL
ATATURK, AND ARMORED VEHICLES
IDLED, THEIR WATER CANNONS
SILENT.
BUT PROTESTERS INSISTED THEIR
RESOLVE WAS UNBROKEN.
>> (translated): WE DO NOT
WANT TO WITHDRAW OR TO GO BACK
ONE STEP.
THERE WERE CIVIL DEMANDS AND WE
WERE ALL UNITED WITHOUT ANY
POLITICAL HELP FROM ANY PARTY.
HERE THERE IS A CIVIL RESISTANCE
AND WE WILL NOT GET BACK UNTIL
OUR DEMANDS ARE FULFILLED.
>> Woodruff: THE DAYTIME QUIET
WAS PERHAPS A PRODUCT MORE OF
EXHAUSTION THAN OF ANY
RESOLUTION TO THE NEAR-TWO-WEEK
STANDOFF.
AND IT FOLLOWED A VIOLENT NHTIG
THAT LEFT THE SQUARE LITTERED
WITH DEBRIS.
CLASHES BETWEEN POLICE AND
PROTESTERS RAGED THROUGH THE
NIGHT HOURS, WITH WATER CANNON,
TEAR GAS FUSILLADES.
PROTESTERS THREW ROCKS AND
CHUNKS OF SIDEWALK AND LAUNCHED
FIREWORKS AT POLICE.
IT WAS THE MOST SERIOUS
CONFRONTATION IN THE SQUARE
SINCE THE SIT-IN BEGAN WITH
ENVIRONMENTALISTS TRYING TO
PRESERVE GEZI PARK-- ONE THIN
SLICE OF GREEN SPACE IN
SPRAWLING, CENTRAL ISTANBUL.
WHEN POLICE ASSAULTED THAT
INITIAL GATHERING, OTHER GROUPS,
WITH A MORE PRONOUNCED POLITICAL
AGENDA, JOINED IN.
SINCE THEN, PROTESTS HAVE SPREAD
TO OTHER CITIES.
TODAY, LAWYERS IN THE CAPITAL,
ANKARA, GATHERED TO DECRY HEAVY-
HANDED TREATMENT.
>> (translated): OPPRESSION
HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR MONTHS.
THEY ARE DOING IT TO THEIR OWN
PEOPLE AND IN DOING SO, THE
GOVERNMENT IS EXACTLLIKEY  THE
ONES THAT THEY HAVE BEEN
CRITICIZING.
>> Woodruff: THAT'S A VEILED
REFERENCE TO THE SYRIAN REGIME
OF BASHAR AL-ASSAD, ON TURKEY'S
SOUTHERN BORDER.
TURKISH PRIME MINISTER RECCEP
TAYYIP ERDOGAN HAS BECOME A
STAUNCH SUPPORTER OF SYRIAN
RELSEB SEEKING TO BRING DOWN
ASSAD.
BUT NOW THE PROTESTS HERE HAVE
MORPHED INTO THE MOST-SERIOUS
CHALLENGE TO ERDOGAN'S RULE
SINCE HE FIRST WON OFFICE TEN
YEARS AGO.
TURKEY'S ECONOMY, ALREADY
THE TROUBLE HAS ALSO LAID BARE
LONG-SIMMERING CLASS AND
RELIGIOUS TENSIONS, BETWEEN
SECULAR, LIBERAL GROUPS ON ONE
SIDE AND ERDOGAN AND HIS RULING,
ISLAMIST JUSTICE PARTY ON THE
OTHER.
ERDOGAN HAS BRISTLED AT THE
CHALLENGE, SEEKING TO CRUSH THE
PROTESTS, AND DISMISSING THE
THRONGS AS OUTSIDE AGITATORS.
HE'S ALSO CALLING FOR HIS
SUPPORTERS TO TURN OUT IN LARGE
NUMBERS LATER THIS WEEK.
BUT TURKEY'S OTHER SENIOR
LEADER, PRESIDENT ABDULLAH GUL,
STRUCK A MORE CONCILIATORY TONE
AGAIN TODAY, NEAR THE BLACK SEA
IN TURKEY'S NORTH, AFTER MEETING
WITH SCHOOLCHILDREN.
>> (translated): I'VE SAID
SINCE THE BEGINNING: PEACEFUL,
NON-VIOLENT DEMONSTRATIONS,
DISPLAYS OF OPINION, SHARING OF
IDEAS, THESE ARE ALL DEMOCRATIC
RIGHTS.
AND WE'RE PROUD OF THAT.
>> Woodruff: MEANWHILE, IN
BACK IN ANKARA, ERDOGAN MET WITH
A DELEGATION OF 11 ACTIVISTS
TODAY, BUT OTHERS IN THE STREETS
SAID THE GROUP WAS NOT
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE LARGER
MOVEMENT.
AND AFTER THAT MEETING CAME THE
ANNOUNCEMENT FROM ERDOGAN'S
JUSTICE PARTY THAT A REFERENDUM
ON THE PARK'S FATE WOULD BE
CONSIDERED IF THE PROTESTORS
FINALLY LEAVE.
JOINING ME NOW TO DISCUSS THE
PROTESTS, THE GOVERNMENT'S
REPONSE AND WHAT IT ALL MEANS,
IS SCOTT PETERSON OF THE
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR IN
ISTANBUL.
AND SONER CAGAPTAY, DIRECTOR OF
THE WASHINGTON INSTITUTE'S
TURKISH RESEARCH PROGRAM.
WE THANK YOU BOTH FOR BEING HERE
LET ME START WITH YOU, SCOTT
PETERSON.
THE GOVERNMENT CAME DOWN REALLY
HARD ON THESE DEMONSTRATORS LAST
NIGHT.
WHERE DO THESE THINGS STAND NOW?
>> WELL, AT THE MOMENT-- AND, IN
FACT, FOR MOST OF THE DAY
TODAY-- THE POLICE HAVE BEEN
VERY, VERY RELAXED.
THEY'VE CERTAINLY BEEN IN
CONTROL OF THIS SQUARE.
THEY OPENED IT UP THIS MORNING
AFTER A NIGHT FULL OF VIOLENCE.
THERE WAS A LOT OF
BACK-AND-FORTH FIGHTING WITH
PROTESTERS, LOTS OF THINGS
EXPLODING, THINGS MOVING THROUGH
THE AIR AND ULTIMATELY, OF
COURSE, THE POLICE WON THAT
BATTLE AND BY DAWN THIS MORNING
THERE WAS TRAFFIC ALREADY MOVING
AROUND THE SQUARE AND WE SAW A
VERY DIFFERENT SENSE FROM THE
POLICE TODAY.
THEY LOOKED VERY RELAXED, HAD
THEIR HELMETS OFF, RIOT SHIELDS
PILED UP, ALTHOUGH WE'RE NOT
SURE WHAT MAY BE HAPPENING
TONIGHT.
SOME PEOPLE ARE EXPECTING THERE
MIGHT BE A PUSH TO TRY AND CLEAR
THAT GEZI PARK.
>> Woodruff: SONER CAGAPTAY, WHO
ARE THESE PEOPLE AND WHAT IS
DRIVING THEM?
>> THEY ARE SECULAR MIDDLE-CLSSA
TURKS, IT'S NOT THE GAME OF
POLITICS WHERE YOU HAVE ISLAM
VERSUS SECULARISM OR ISLAMIST
VERSUS SECULARIST.
THIS IS NOT AN IDEOLOGICAL
PROTEST MOVEMENT, IT'S ABOUT
QUALITY OF DEMOCRACY IN CURTY.
THIS IS PEOPLE MAKING
MIDDLE-CLASS DEMANDS ABOUT THE
GOVERNMENT'S NEED TO RESPECT
FREEDOM OF ASSEMBLY AND
ASSOCIATION.
URBAN SPACE-- HENCE THE
DEMONSTRATIONS OVER THE PARK.
IT'S A SIGN OF A NEW TURKEY.
TURKEY HAS BECOME A WEALTHY
SOCIETY.
THE A.K.P. AND ITS LEADER
ERDOGAN, THANKS TO THEIR SUCCESS
IT HAS BECOME A MAJORITY OF
MIDDLE-CLASS SOCIETY.
NOW THEY'RE MAKING MIDDLE-CLASS
DEMANDS SAYING "WE HAVE A RIGHT
TO ASSEMBLY AND IF THE
GOVERNMENT IS GOING TO BUILD A
SHOPPING MALL THEY SHOULD ASK
FOR OUR OPINION."
>> Woodruff: SCOTT PETERSON, THE
GOVERNMENT IS SAYING THERE ARE
TERRORISTS AMONG THE
DEMONSTRATORS.
HAVE YOU SEEN THE MAKEUP OF
THESE PROTESTS CHANGE IN THE
LAST FEW DAYS.
>> WELL, THEY DEFINITELY HAVE
MADE A LOT OF CLAIMS ABOUT WHO
THESE PROTESTERS ARE BUT, IN
FACT, REALLY IT'S A BROADER
GROUP OF TURKS THAN YOU'D
EXPECT.
CERTAINLY THOSE WHO ARE MANNING
THE FRONT LINES DURING SOME OF
THE MOST VIOLENT
THESE LAST TWO WEEKS HAVE BEEN
MOSTLY YOUNG PEOPLE, SOME OF
THEM HAVE BEEN FOOTBALL
HOOLIGANS OR OTHERS TRULY
LOOKING FOR TROUBLE BUT I WOULD
SAY THE VAST MAJORITY OF THE
PEOPLE WE'VE SEEN HERE CUT
ACROSS A MUCH BROADER SWATH OF
TURKISH SOCIETY.
SO YOU'VE GOT YOUNG PEOPLE
CERTAINLY UNIVERSITY STUDENTS
BUT AT THE SAME TIME YOU'VE ALSO
GOT THEIR PARENTS WHO OFTEN ARE
THERE.
I'VE SEEN LAST NIGHT, FOR
NGES WHEN THERE WASE OF THE VERY
TEAR GAS ALL OVER THE PLACE I
SAW ONE MOTHER AND QUITE OLDER
MOTHER HAND IN HAND WITH HER
DAUGHTER AND THEY BOTH HAD THEIR
GAS MASKS ON AND WERE TRYING TO
MAKE A POINT AND WE SEE THIS IN
A LOT OF DIFFERENT PLACES HERE.
SO I THINK IT'S CORRECT TO
RECOGNIZE THAT REALLY, YOU KNOW,
THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO
ARE HERE AND TRYING TO MAKE
THEIR POINT UNIFIED REALLY IN
KIND OF THEIR ANGER AT HOW PRIME
MINISTER ERDOGAN HAS HANDLED HIS
OWN LEADERSHIP, FEELING THAT
THEY'RE VERY, VERY MUCH EXCLUDED
AND TRYING TO USE THIS EVENT AS
A WAY OF GETTING THEIR VOICES
OUT THERE.
>> Woodruff: SONER CAGAPTAY,
WHAT ABOUT ERDOGAN'S RESPONSE?
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN IT?
>> THE RESPONSE HAS BEEN HEAVY
HANDED.
OBVIOUSLY HE DID NOT REACH OUT
FOR A COMPROMISE.
THE DEMONSTRATORS ARE SAYING THE
FOLLOWING.
THEY'RE SAYING "YOU MAY HAVE WON
THE ELECTION BUT LISTEN TO US."
AND ERDOGAN'S RESPONSE HAS BEEN
HEAVY HANDED.
BUT TODAY HE REACHED OUT.
THERE WAS A SUGGESTION THAT
THERE WILL BE A REFERENDUM HOLD
DETERMINE WHETHER THIS PARK WILL
BE TURNED INTO A SHOPPING MALL.
BUT I THINK OVERALL HE'S TRYING
TO BUILD HIS CONSTITUENCY WHICH
IS IS POLITICAL RIGHT OF THE
TURKISH SPECTRUM BUT HE WILL
HAVE A CHALLENGE WHICH IS THAT
THE TURKISH POLITICAL LEFT AND
LIBERALS HAVE FOUND A VOICE THAT
THEY CAN DEMONSTRATE, DO SO
PUBLICLY.
>> Woodruff: SCOTT PETERSON,
AGAIN, DO YOU SENSE MORE BROADLY
AMONG THE TURKISH POPULATION THE
SUPPORT FOR ERDOGAN?
PRIME MINISTER ERDOGAN SAYS HE
HAS?
>> WELL, THERE'S NO QUESTION
THAT HE'S GOT A LOT OF SUPPORT
THAT REALLY AND PROBABLY AS HE
SAYS IS 50% OF THE COUNTRY.
NOW, WE ALSO KNOW, HOWEVER, THAT
THERE'S SOME PEOPLE WHO ARE
WITHIN HIS OWN RULING A.K.P.
PARTY, THERE HAVE ALSO BEEN
ISLAMISTS WHO HAVE BEEN OUT ON
THE STREETS HERE WHO HAVE BEEN
PROTESTING NOT NECESSARILY AT
HIS POLICIES BUT AT THE WAY THAT
THE PRIME MINISTER ACTUALLY
CONDUCTS HIMSELF AND BEHAVES
HIMSELF AND REALLY IS SOMETIMES
MUCH MORE CONFRONTATIONAL THAN
THEY THEMSELVES WOULD LIKE TO
SEE.
SO THERE ARE A LOT OF THINGS
THAT ARE MIXED UP IN THIS
DYNAMIC AND IN PEOPLE'S
REACTION.
OF COURSE, NO ONE HERE
EXPECTED-- AND, IN FACT, JUST
YESTERDAY THE PRIME MINISTER
MENTIONED IN PARLIAMENT, HE SAID
"WHAT DID THEY EXPECT?
DID THEY EXPECT THAT WE WILL
KNEEL DOWN BEFORE THEM?"
THAT'S THE QUESTION HE'S ASKING
AND HE'SEAL RLY COUCHED THIS
OFTEN IN QUITE DIVISIONAL AND
DIVISIVE TERMS BUT AT THE SAME
TIME WE'VE ALSO GOTTEN A SENSE
IN THE LAST TWO DAYS--
ESPECIALLY WHEN HE'S BEEN MAKE
MANAGER SPEECHES IN A DAY,
SEVERAL SPEECHES IN A DAY-- THAT
HE ALMOST HAS KIND OF STARTED
HIS PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN FOR
NEXT YEAR ALREADY AND THAT IF
THIS DRAGGED ON FOR A FEW MORE
DAYS AND HE WAS ABLE TO POINT TO
THE OTHER AS PEOPLE WHO WERE
CONNECTED TO TERRORISTS OR
OTHERWISE VANDALS OR MARAUDERS
THAN THAT WOULD ONLY HELP TO
SOLIDIFY HIS OWN BASE AND THAT
COULD ONLY WORK TO HIS FAVOR.
>> Woodruff: SONER CAGAPTAY,
JUST QUICKLY, WHAT DO YOU EXPECT
NEXT?
>> WHAT'S GOING ON IS NOT A
POLITICAL LANDSCAPE IN TURKEY.
HALF OF THE COUNTRY SUPPORTS THE
A.K.P., THAT'S A CONSTANT.
THE OTHER HALF DOES NOT SUPPORT
THIS PARTY, THAT'S NOW TAKING
ISSUE WITH THE STYLE OF
GOVERNMENT AND TELLING ERDOGAN
TO NOT LEGISLATE ON ISSUES THAT
INFRINGES ON PEOPLE'S LIBERTIES
AND RIGHTS SUCH AS RECENT
LEGISLATION THAT LIMITS THE SALE
OF ALCOHOL, GOES INTO ISSUES OF
WOMEN'S RIGHTS AND PEOPLE ARE
UPSET.
SO WE'RE GOING TO SEE A NEW YOU
ARE THE ANY WHICH THE SECULAR
MIDDLE SCHRASZ FOUND A VOICE ON
THE STREET AND ARE GOING TO
CONTINUE TO DEMONSTRATE WHATEVER
THAT NEXT ISSUE IS AND TURKEY
WILL BE UNFORTUNATELY POLARIZED
FOR THE NEXT YEAR BETWEEN THE
SUPPORTERS AND THE OPPONENTS OF
THE GOVERNMENT AS A COUNTRY
THAT'S ALMOST SPLIT IN THE
MIDDLE BETWEEN TWO LARGE
POLITICAL FACTIONS.
>> Woodruff: WATCHING TURKEY
CLOSELY, SONER CAGAPTAY, SCOTT
PETERSON, WE THANK YOU BOTH.
>> Ifill: NOW, THE LAST IN OUR
OCCASIONAL SERIES ON AMERICA'S
AGING WORKFORCE.
"NEWSHOUR" ECONOMICS
CORRESPONDENT PAUL SOLMAN HAS
REPORTED ON A FACTORY WHERE THE
AVERAGE AGE IS 74, THE GRAYING
OF ACADEMIA, SENIOR
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND
TONIGHT, HE CONSIDERS HOW
WORKING LONGER COULD HELP THE
ECONOMY.
IT'S ALL PART OF PAUL'S ONGOING
REPORTING: "MAKING SENSE OF
FINANAL NCIEWS."
>> YOU'RE DOING SOMETHING
USEFUL, YOU'RE NOJUSTT  SITTING
AND VEGETATING.
>> Reporter: AT AGE 101 ROSA
FINNEGAN IS STILL PUNCHING IN
PART-TIME AT SMALL MANUFACTURER
VITA NEEDLE.
BY WORKING INTO OLD AGE,
FINNEGAN AND THOSE LIKE HER ARE
EXTENDING THEIR USEFUL LIVES AND
THEIR RETIREMENT INCOME.
BUT MIGHT THEY ALSO BE A BOON TO
THE ECONOMY?
HOW MUCH ARE YOU PAID?
>> I DON'T THINK I'M ALLOWED TO
SAY, AM I?
>> Reporter: YOU'RE 100 YEARS
OLD, YOU CAN SAY WHATEVER YOU
WANT!
THE REASON I ASKED: THIS YEAR
THE GAP BETWEEN U.S. GOVERNMENT
SPENDING AND TAX REVENUES IS
EXPECTED TO BE OVER $640
BILLION.
THREATENING TO WIDEN THE GAP: 32
MILLION AMERICANS REACHING
RETIREMENT AGE IN THE NEXT 20
YEARS SLATED TO DRAW SOCIAL
SECURITY AND MEDICARE WHILE
PAYING ZERO TAXES ON INCOME AT
ALL.
ARE YOU SLOWING DOWN?
>> YES, DEFINITELY.
AS LONG AS I DON'T COME TO A
SCREECHING HALT I'LL BE LUCKY.
>> Reporter: BUT WHAT IF
AMERICANS WORKED AS LONG AS ROSA
FINNEGAN, WHOM WE INTERVIEWED IN
DECEMBER?
FINNEGAN WAS COY ABOUT HER PAY
BUT WHATEVER SHE'S MAKING, SHE'S
PAYING TAXES: FEDERAL AND STATE
INCOME, MEDICARE AND SOCIAL
SECURITY, WHICH VITA NEEDLE
MATCHES.
>> I MADE MY FIRST SURFBOARD IN
1960, WHEN I WAS ABOUT 12 YEARS
OLD.
>> Reporter: ANOTHER OLDER
WORKER WE INTERVIEWED RECENTLY,
66-YEAR-OLD STEVE BANE.
HE RUNS INFINITY BOARDS, PAYS
HIMSELF ABOUT $60,000 A YEAR.
HIS YEARLY TAX TAB: MORE THAN
$18,000.
AND THEN THERE WAS MIKE
GROTTOLA, 69, WHO BECAME A
BUSINESS CONSULTANT AFTER TRYING
IN VAIN TO GET A TECH EXECUTIVE
JOB LIKE THE ONE FROM WHICH HE
WAS LAID OFF AT 65.
>> THAT BIG SIX FIGURE SALARY
THAT WAS SO GREAT, DA-DA-DA.
BUT AT 65, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
MAKE ANY HEADWAY DOING THAT AND
IT WAS A MISTAKE.
LET ME GO ON A PATH THAT WILL BE
WAY MORE PRODUCTIVE.
>> Reporter: WITH HIS NEW
BUSINESS UP AND RUNNING, LAST
YEAR  GROTTOLA PAID CLOSE TO
$15,000 IN TOTAL TAXES ON
INCOME.
FINALLY, 71-YEAR-OLD GEORGE
MASON WRITING PROFESSOR DON
GULEAR:
>> I THINK THIS IS MY 47TH YEAR
THAT I'M HERE.
>> Reporter: GULEAR PAID ABOUT
$35,000 IN TAXES, INCLUDING HIS
UNIVERSITY'S SOCIAL SECURITY
CONTRIBUTION.
HE HAS NO PLANS TO RETIRE.
>> LAST SEMESTER I HAD FIVE
STUDENTS COME UP TO ME AND SAY
IT WAS THE BEST CLASS THEY EVER
HAD, SO APPARENTLY I'M STILL
GOOD FOR MY STUDENTS.
>> Reporter: OVERALL 18% OF
AMERICANS 65 AND OLDER ARE NOW
WORKING AND PAYING TAXES, AT
LEAST $120 BILLION A YEAR, WE
FIGURE, ON AVERAGE, A FIGURE
THAT DOESN'T INCLUDE STATE
INCOME TAXES.
MOREOVER, EVERY EXTRA PERCENTAGE
POINT OF THE WORKFORCE NOT
RETIRING WOULD MEAN AT LEAST
ANOTHER FEW BILLION DOLLARS IN
REVENUES TOWARD CLOSING
AMERICA'S ANNUAL BUDGET GAP.
>> IT'S GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY.
>> Reporter: UNIVERSITY OF
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA ECONOMIST
JULIE ZISSIMOPOULOS THINKS OLDER
PEOPLE WORKING LONGER IS AN
UNAMBIGUOUS GOOD.
WHY?
>> FOR THE SIMPLE REASON THAT IT
GROWS A LABOR FORCE.
HOW ARE WE GOING TO KEEP SOCIAL
SECURITY SOLVENT?
HOW ARE WE GOING TO KEEP UH
MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES RECEIVING
THE BENEFITS THAT THEY HAVE
RECEIVED IN THE PAST?
IN ORDER TO FUND THESE, WE NEED
WORKERS, WE NEED PEOPLE PAYING
TAXES.
>> Reporter: IT'S A PROBLEM
ECONOMISTS HAVE WORRIED ABOUT
FOR DECADES.
AS THE POPULATION HAS AGED THE
NUMB OF ERWORKERS SUPPORTING
RETIREES HAS DROPPED, A TREND WE
REPORTED ON BACK IN 1990.
>> WHEN SOCIAL SECURITY BEGAN
PAYING BENEFITS, FOR EXAMPLE,
PAYROLL TAXES WERE MODEST, SINCE
THERE WERE 159 AMERICAN WORKERS
BEING TAXED FOR EVERY RETIREE.
>> BY THE LATE 1940s, WE
REPORTED BACK THEN, 42 WORKERS
FOR EVERY SOCIAL SECURITY
RECIPIENT.
BY 1970, ONLY FOUR WORKERS.
AND LOOKING AT THE NUMBERS THESE
DAYS, FOR 2012, FOR EXAMPLE,
THERE WERE JUST 2.9 WORKERS FOR
EVERY BENEFICIARY.
SOCIAL SECURITY NOW PAYS OUT
MORE IN BENEFITS THAN IT
RECEIVES IN TAX REVENUE.
BUT ACCORDING TO EUGENE STEUERLE
OF THE URBAN INSTITUTE, IF,
INSTEAD OF RETIRING, MORE AND
MORE PEOPLE 65 AND OLDER
CONTINUE TO WORK, THE PICTURE
COULD CHANGE DRAMATICALLY.
RATHER THAN JUST DRAWING FROM
BENEFIT PROGRAMS, THEY'D BE
CONTRIBUTING TO THEM.
>> IT'S NOT JUST SOCIAL SECURITY
TAXES AND MEDICARE TAXES, THE
TYPES OF TAXES WE MIGHT THINK OF
AS NECESSARY TO SUPPORT PROGRAMS
FOR THE ELDERLY, BUT AMONG THE
BIGGEST GAINS FOR THE GOVERNMENT
AS A WHOLE ARE WITH RESPECT TO
INCOME TAXES.
HIGHER INCOME TAXES MEAN THAT
ITS EASIER TO SUPPORT GOVERNMENT
PROGRAMS WITHOUT INCREASING TAX
RATES.
>> Reporter: STEUERLE FOUND THAT
THE SOCIAL SECURITY TAXES
GENERATED IF THE AVERAGE
AMERICAN RETIRED FIVE YEARS
BETTER THAN HALF OF THE PROGRAMS
SHORTFALL COME 2045.
IF YOU FACTOR IN INCOME TAX
REVENUE, THE SHORTFALL WOULD BE
COMPLETELY ERASED.
BOSTON COLLEGES ALISA MANELL
SAYS THERE'S AN EVEN MORE DIRECT
ECONOMIC BENEFIT TO WORKING
LONGER.
>> IT MAKES THE PIE BIGGER.
YOU HAVE MORE PEOPLE OUT THERE,
WORKING WITH THEIR CAPITAL TO
PRODUCE MORE STUFF.
SO YOU GET A BIGGER G.D.P. AND
EVERYONE IS BETTER OFF.
>> Reporter: NOT EVERY ECONOMIST
AGREES, OF COURSE, BOSTON
UNIVERSITY'S LARRY KOTLIKOFF.
WHO WRITES ABOUT SOCIAL SECURITY
THINKS THE PLUSSES OF WORKING
LONGER ARE WAY OVERBLOWN.
>> ONLY A VERY SMALL SHARE OF
PEOPLE OVER 65 ARE GOING TO
CONTINUE TO WORK UNDER THE BEST
OF CIRCUMSTANCES, SO IT REALLY
CAN'T MATTER MUCH TO THE MACRO
ECONOMY OR TO OUR FISCAL
PROBLEMS.
IT'S JUST NOT A BIG ENOUGH
EFFECT.
>> Reporter: SO YOU DON'T THINK
THIS IS GOING TO MAKE THAT MUCH
OF A DIFFERENCE?
>> EVEN IF WE HAD ANOTHER 20% OF
PEOPLE IN THEIR 60s CONTINUE TO
WORK THROUGH THEIR 70s OR 75 IT
JUST WOULDN'T ADD UP TO MUCH.
IT'S JUST NOT ENOUGH PEOPLE
EARNING ENOUGH MONEY, PAYING
ENOUGH TAXES TO MATTER MUCH.
>> Reporter: WHAT A SURPRISE,
ECONOMISTS DISAGREE!
BUT IT'S CERTAINLY TRUE THAT
MANY WHO WANT TO STAY IN THE
WORKFORCE, SIMPLY CANTUE T DO
POOR HEALTH, A STRENUOUS JOB,
THE NEED TO CARE FOR A SICK
FAMILY MEMBER, SO WE JUST DON'T
KNOW HOW MANY WILL.
BUT SAYS GENE STEUERLE THE
PORTION OF OLDER PEOPLE
CONTINUING TO WORK HAS BEEN
GROWING FOR YEARS.
>> THE SOCIAL SECURITY
ADMINISTRATION HAS CONSISTENTLY
UNDERESTIMATED THE EXTENT TO
WHICH OLDER WORKERS WILL WORK
LONGER AND CONSTANTLY PUSHING UP
THAT PROJECTION.
AND AS LARGER AND LARGER SHARES
OF THE POPULATION HIT THESE
OLDER AGES, SOMEONE HAS TO
PRODUCE THE GOODS AND SERVICES.
>> Reporter: AND, SAYS MUNNELL,
THAT WOULD BE A GOOD THING FOR
THE OLDER WORKERS, CONSIDERING
THAT 55-64 YEAR OLDS HAVE AN
AVERAGE OF ONLY $120,000 SAVED
FOR RETIREMENT.
>> $120,000 MAY SOUND LIKE A LOT
BUT WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT TAKING
THAT OUT OVER A 20-30 YEAR
RETIREMENT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
ONLY A FEW HUNDRED DOLLARS PER
MONTH.
>> Reporter: SO YOU MEAN IF
YOU'VE SAVED AS MUCH AS $120,000
IN YOUR LATE 50s, YOU'RE STILL
FACING RELATIVE POVERTY?
>> PEOPLE ARE NOT GOING TO HAVE
VERY MUCH MONEY IF THEY RETIRE
AT 64.
SO MY VIEW IS THE SINGLE MOST
IMPORTANT THING THEY CAN DO IS
TO WORK AS LONG AS THEY POSSIBLY
CAN.
>> Reporter: MARC FREEDMAN, THE
FOUNDER OF encore.org, SAYS
THERE ARE MAJOR BENEFITS TO
WORKING LONGER FOR THE WORKERS
THEMSELVES, AND FOR THE BROADER
ECONOMY.
>> IT'S AN EXTRAORDINARY
OPPORTUNITY FOR INDIVIDUALS TO
HAVE ANOTHER CHANCE TO DO
SOMETHING IMPORTANT, BUT REALLY
FOR SOCIETY WHICH IS DISCOVERING
A CONTINENT OF HUMAN RESOURCES
THAT'S REALLY ONLY COMPARABLE TO
THE EMERGENCE OF WOMEN IN NEW
ROLES 30, 40 YEARS AGO.
NOW WE WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO
CONTEMPLATE BNG CEIOMPETITIVE
GLOBALLY WITHOUT THAT TALENT
POOL AND I THINK 20-30 YEARS
FROM NOW WELL FEEL THE SAME WAY
ABOUT ALL THESE PEOPLE IN THEIR
60s AND 70s WHO ARE CONTINUING
TO DO IMPORTANT WORK.
>> Reporter: A NICE THOUGHT FOR
THE NEARLY EIGHT MILLION OF US
WHO ARE STILL WORKING, PAST
TRADITIONAL RETIREMENT AGE.
>> Woodruff: OUR REPORTING ON
LONGER WORK LIVES CONTINUES
ONLINE ON A BRAND NEW SITE WE'RE
CALLING "NEW ADVENTURES FOR
OLDER WORKERS."
AGAIN, PAUL SOLMAN EXPLAINS.
>> OUR WORKING LONGER WEBSITE IS
DESIGNED TO BE AN ADVENTURE IN
ITSELF.
YOU CAN SEE HOW YOU COMPARE TO
YOUR PEERS, WHETHER YOU'RE
PLANNING TO RETIRE OR WORK
FOREVER, SEE IF YOU'VE SAVED
ENOUGH FOR RETIREMENT.
WHETHER YOU'RE 22 OR 72,
WE'VE GOT NEW DATA, NEW
ANALYSIS, AND NOT-SO-NEW PEOPLE,
SOME OF WHOM "NEWSHOUR" VIEWERS
HAVE MET, LIKE 101-YEAR-OLD
MANUFACTURING WORKER ROSA
FINNEGAN, OR MANNEQUIN MADNESS
ENTREPRENEUR JUDI TOWNSEND, 55.
AND YOU'LL MEET OTHERS, LIKE
MIKE KEMP, WHOSE HEALTH MAY
FORCE HIM TO QUIT BEFORE HE'D
PLANNED TO.
AT TIMES, SCARY; AT OTHERS,
INSPIRING; OFTEN INTERACTIVE;
RE MOOFTEN, SURPRISING.
IT'S ALL AT OUR WEBSITE.
>> Ifill: NOW, THE LONG-AWAITED
TRIAL OF AN ALLEGED MOB BOSS,
WHO ONCE TOPPED THE F.B.I.'s
MOST-WANTED LIST GETS UNDERWAY
IN BOSTON.
JAMES "WHITEY" BULGER'S DAY IN
COURT FINALLY ARRIVED, WITH
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS DECLARING HE
WAS AT THE CENTER OF MURDER AND
MAYHEM IN BOSTON FOR NEARLY 30
YEARS.
HE'S ACCUSED OF EXTORTION,
RACKETEERING AND 19 MURDERS.
AT THE AGE OF 83, HE'S NOW
PLEADED NOT GUILTY TO ALL
COUNTS.
BULGER ALLEGEDLY RAN THE VIOLENT
WINTER HILL GANG IN SOUTH
BOSTON, AND AT THE SAME TIME,
PROSECUTORS SAY, HE PROVIDED THE
F.B.I. WITH INFORMATION ON A
RIVAL GANG.
IN 1994, HE FLED AS HE WAS ABOUT
TO BE INDICTED, AND MANAGED TO
EVADE CAPTURE FOR 16 YEARS.
WHILE HE WAS BEING HUNTED, HIS
FORMER F.B.I. HANDLER WAS
CONVICTED OF TIPPING HIM OFF.
>> HAVE YOU SEEN THIS WOMAN?
>> Ifill: IN 2011, AGENTS
FINALLY TRACKED BULGER DOWN
THROUGH HIS LONGTIME GIRLFRIEND,
CATHERINE GREIG,  AND HE WAS
ARRESTED AT THIS RENT-CONTROLLED
APARTMENT IN SANTA MONICA,
CALIFORNIA.
HIS TRIAL IS EXPECTED TO LAST
THREE TO FOUR MONTHS.
FOR MORE WE TURN TO KEVIN
CULLEN, REPORTER AND COLUMNIST
FOR THE "BOSTON GLOBE," AND CO-
AUTHOR OF THE BOOK, "WHITEY
BULGER: AMERICA'S MOST WANTED
GANGSTER AND THE MANHUNT THAT
BROUGHT HIM TO JUSTICE."
HE WAS IN THE COURTROOM TODAY.
THIS CORRUPTION TRIAL THAT WE
ARE FOLLOWING NOW, KEVIN, ARE WE
TALKING ABOUT SOMETHING THAT WAS
INDIVIDUAL IN HIS ALLEGED CRIMES
OR INSTITUTIONAL.
>> WELL, I THINK THE CORRUPTION
THAT'S AT THE HEART OF THIS,
GWEN, IS ABSOLUTELY
INSTITUTIONAL.
IT'S NOT JUST ONE ROGUE AGENT
AND ONE CORRUPT SUPERVISOR.
IT GOES MUCH DEEPER THAN THAT.
AND WHEN -- THERE WAS A 15-MONTH
PERIOD IN 1981 TO 1983 OR 1982
INTO 1983 IN WHICH WHITEY BULGER
AND HIS CRIMINAL PARTNER STEPHEN
"THE RIFLE MAN" FLEMMI WERE
IMPLICATED IN FOUR MURDERS
HIGHEST LEVEL AT THE J. EDGAR
HOOVER BUILDING IN WASHINGTON.
AND AT THAT LEVEL THERE WAS NOT
A DECISION TO TURNBULL JER AND
FLEMMI OVER TO APPROPRIATE
AUTHORITIES.
IT WAS A DECISION TO PROTECT
THEM.
AND IT WASN'T JUST A QUESTION OF
THE F.B.I. LOOKING THE OTHER
WAY.
IN ONE VERY SPECIFIC CASE
INVOLVING THE MURDER OF A
LEGITIMATE BUSINESSMAN ROGER
WHEELER IN OKLAHOMA, THE F.B.I.
IN BOSTON LIED TO THEIR
COLLEAGUES AT THE F.B.I. OFFICE
IN OKLAHOMA ABOUT THE
WHEREABOUTS AND THE ALIBIS OF
STEVE FLEMMI AND WHITEY BULGER.
SO THE CORRUPTION AT THE HEART
OF THIS GOES TO THE HIGHEST
LEVELS OF THE F.B.I.
>> Ifill: SO HE WAS ON THE RUN
FOR 16 YEARS, HE WAS FOUND TWO
YEARS AGO AND THE TRIAL BEGINS
TODAY.
IN YOUR OPINION THE COURTROOM.
GIVE US A SENSE OF THE SCENE.
>> WELL, I MEAN, IT -- OBVIOUSLY
IT'S A PRETTY SUBDUED SETTING
AND, YOU KNOW, YOU HAD THREE
SETS OF SPECTATORS.
THEY WERE PEOPLE THAT WERE THE
VICTIMS OF THE FAMILY THAT WERE
DIRECTLY IN BACK OF THE -- T
PROSECUTION TABLE.
THEN YOU HAD BULGER'S SIDE WHICH
FRANKLY, THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT I
SAW THAT WERE CLOSE TO WHITEY
BULGER WAS HIS BROTHER JACKIE,
HIS POLITICIAN BROTHER BILL BULL
SCER WAS NOT THERE.
THEN YOU HAD THE MEDIA ON THE
OTHER SIDE.
SO THERE WERE THREE DIFFERENT
GROUPS.
AND BRIAN KELLY, THE FEDERAL
PROSECUTOR, GAVE A VERY
UNDERSTATED SORT OF "THESE ARE
THE FACTS, A MA'AM" JOE FRIDAY
APPROACH TO THE INDICTMENT
AGAINST WHITEY BULGER AND JUST
SPELLED IT OUT IN DETAIL.
BUT THERE WAS ONE VERY POIGNANT
MOMENT DURING BRIAN KELLY'S
OPENING.
TOWARD THE END OF IT HE JUST
SHOWED -- HE READ THE NAMES OF
THE 19 MURDER VICTIMS ONE BY ONE
PAUSING BETWEEN EACH NAME WHILE
THEIR PHOTOGRAPH WAS SHOWN ON AN
OVERHEAD PROJECTOR SHOWN TO THE
COURTROOM.
AND AT THE END OF IT, BRIAN
KELLY SAID "THAT, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, IS WHAT THIS CASE IS
ALL ABOUT."
>> Ifill: SO WHAT IS THE
DEFENSE?
>> THE DEFENSE IS ACTUALLY NOVEL
BECAUSE JAY CARNEY, WHO IS THE
LEAD ATTORNEY FOR WHITEY BULGER,
WENT IN THERE AND ADMITTED IN
OPEN COURT THAT HIS CLIENT WAS A
CRIMINAL.
HE SAID HIS CLIENT WAS AN
EXTORTIONIST, A BOOK MAKER, AND
A VERY BIG SURPRISE TO US, HE
ADMITTED HIS CLIENT WAS INVOLVED
IN DRUG DEALING.
>> Ifill: WHICH HE NEVER
ADMITTED BEFORE, RIGHT?
>> NO, NO, NO, NO, HE WOULD
NEVER ADMIT PARTICULARLY THAT.
THAT WAS A SORE SPOT.
AND PARTICULARLY HIS APOLOGISTS
IN SOUTH BOSTON AND OTHER PLACES
WOULD ALWAYS SAY THAT WHITEY
WOULD NEVER TOUCH DRUGS WHEREAS
THE EVIDENCE WAS OVERWHELMING
THAT HE MADE MILLIONS BY SHAKING
DOWN DRUG DEALERS.
BUT THE EVIDENCE NOW EVEN MORE
SPECIFIC THAT HE WAS INVOLVED IN
ACTUAL MOVEMENT OF COCAINE.
SO -- BUT JAY CARNEY, HIS LAWYER
ADMITTED TO ALL THAT.
SO IN SOME RESPECTS THEY WENT IN
THERE IN THEIR OPENING STATEMENT
AND ADMITTED IT TO A NUMBER OF
PREDICATE ACTS THAT WOULD FIND
HIM GUILTY OF RACKETEERING,
WHICH HE IS CHARGED.
BUT WHAT'S CLEAR BY THE DEFENSE,
WHAT JAY CARNEY OUTLINED, IS
WHITEY BULGER IS NOT INTERESTED
IN GETTING ACQUITTED OF
EVERYTHING.
HE'S INTERESTED IN BEING
ACQUITTED OF TWO VERY SPECIFIC
CHARGES.
SOMEONE THAT HE WAS AN INFORMANT
FOR THE F.B.I.
CARNEY SAID HE NEVER WAS.
BUT THE OTHER THING THAT BULGER
REALLY WANTS TO CHANGE, HE
DOESN'T LIKE THIS PART OF THE
NARRATIVE, IS THE KILLING OF THE
WOMEN.
OF THE 19 MURDERS HE'S CHARGED
WITH KILLING TWO WOMEN AND HE
CANNOT ABIDE BY THAT BECAUSE HE
SPENT HIS ENTIRE CRIMINAL LIFE
CREATING A NARRATIVE OF HIM AND
THAT NARRATIVE IS THAT HE'S A
GOOD BAD GUY.
HE'S A CRIMINAL WITH SCRUPLES
AND CRIMINALS WITH SCRUPLES DO
NOT MURDER DEFENSELESS YOUNG
WOMEN.
>> Ifill: FOUR TO FIVE MONTHS
YOU'RE SAYING THIS IS GOING TO
TAKE.
WHY SO LONG?
>> WELL, PART OF IT IS THEY'RE
ONLY GOING HALF DAYS.
HE'S 83 YEARS OLD.
JUDGE DENICE CASPER, WHO IS THE
PRESIDING JUSTICE AT THIS,
AGREED WITH THE DEFENSE THAT IT
WOULD BE ASKING AN AWFUL LOT OF
A MAN THAT'S GOING TO TURN 84 IN
SEPTEMBER TO DO LONG DAYS.
SO RIGHT NOW IT'S GOING TO BE
FOUR DAYS A WEEK FROM 9:00 A.M.
TO 1:00 P.M. AND THENTH TO
3:30 SO THAT ALONE, GWEN, WOULD
MAKE THIS TRIAL -- THAT REALLY
PUSHES IT PAST -- IT MIGHT HAVE
BEEN ABLE TO BE DONE IN TWO AND
A HALF MONTHS BUT BECAUSE OF THE
ACCOMMODATIONS THEY'RE MAKING
FOR MR. BULGER IT'S GOING GO
LONG.
I THINK THAT'S CONSERVATIVE.
I THINK IT DEPENDS ON THE
CROSS-EXAMINATION.
WE COULD BE DOING THIS COME THE
FALL.
THIS MIGHT BE GOING ON DURING
THE HARVARD-YALE GAME.
>> Ifill: SOUNDS TO ME LIKE
YOU'LL BE WATCHING IT FAIRLY
CLOSELY.
KEVIN CLENUL, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> I'LL BE THERE.
THANKS, GWEN.
>> Woodruff: NEXT, WE RESUME OUR
WEEK-LONG LOOK AT FOOD SECURITY
AND HOW CLIMATE CHANGE IS
AFFECTING WHAT WE PRODUCE AND
HOW WE EAT.
TONIGHT, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT
SAM EATON REPORTS FROM
SINGAPORE, WHERE THE CHALLENGE
OF FEEDING A GROWING POPULATION
IS PUSHING THE CONCEPT OF URBAN
FARMING TO NEW HEIGHTS.
IT'S PART OF OUR SERIES, "FOOD
FOR 9 BILLION," IN PARTNERSHIP
WITH PUBLIC RADIO
INTERNATIONAL'S "THE WORLD,"
HOMELAND PRODUCTIONS, AMERICAN
PUBLIC MEDIA'S "MARKETPLACE" AND
THE CENTEFORR  INVESTIGATIVE
REPORTING.
>> Reporter: SINGAPORE HAS ONE
OF THE HIGHEST POPULATION
DENSITIES ON THE PLANET.
MORE THAN FIVE MILLION PEOPLE
CROWD INTO THIS SMALL WEALTHY
ISLAND CITY.
LAND HERE COMES AT A PREMIUM,
FORCING PEOPLE TO EXPAND UP
RATHER THAN OUT.
AND IT'S NOT JUST OFFICE TOWERS
AND APARTMENT COMPLEXES THAT ARE
REACHING SKYWARD.
SINGAPORE NOW HAS ONE OF THE
WORLD'S FIRST COMMERCIAL
VERTICAL FARMS.
IT'S CALLED SKYGREENS.
>> THIS IS THE FRAMEWORK.
THE GREENHOUSE AND ALSO HOLD OUR
VERTICAL SYSTEM.
>> Reporter: 50-YEAR-OLD
ENTREPRENEUR, JACK NG, AN
ENGINEER BY TRAINING, IS THE
FARMS OWNER AND DESIGNER.
TRANSLUCENT STRUCTURES, NEARLY
FOUR STORIES TALL LINE THE
PROPERTY.
ON THE INSIDE AUTOMATED TOWERS
OF VEGETABLES ROTATE LIKE FERRIS
WHEELS IN SLOW MOTION BETWEEN A
NUTRIENT-INFUSED BATH BELOW AND
THE SUN ABOVE.
NG SAYS EACH TOWER IS POWERED BY
A GRAVITY-FED WATER WHEEL.
IT'S AN ANCIENT TECHNOLOGY WITH
A MODERN TWIST.
A LOW-POWER PUMP RETURNS THE
NG SAYS ONE OF THE BIGGEST
BENEFITS OF THIS CLOSED LOOP,
HYDRAULIC SYSTEM IS HOW LITTLE
ENERGY IT CONSUMES.
>> ELECTRICITY WE USE IN
SINGAPORE, IT'S THREE DOLLARS
PER MONTH.
>> Reporter: THAT'S THREE
DOLLARS A MONTH TO RUN THIS
ENTIRE TOWER, OR ABOUT THE SAME
AMOUNT OF ELECTRICITY USED IN
SINGLE 60-WATT LIGHTBULB.
>> YOU CAN TRY THE LETTUCE.
OKAY, IT'S FRESH.
>> Reporter: EATING LOCAL,
FRESHLY PICKED GREENS IS A
LUXURY IN SINGAPORE.
WITH JUST 250 ACRES OF FARMLAND
LEFT, THE CITY GROWS ONLY SEVEN
PERCENT OF THE PRODUCE IT
CONSUMES.
THAT MAY BE AN EXTREME CASE, BUT
IT REPRESENTS A LOOMING PROBLEM
FACING CITIES ALL OVER THE
WORLD, SAYS COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
ECOLOGIST, DICKSON DESPOMMIER.
>> WE'RE GOING TO REACH A
TIPPING POINT REALLY SOON WHERE
TRADITIONAL AG CAN NO LONGER
PROVIDE ENOUGH FOOD FOR THE
PEOPLE LIVING ON THE PLANET.
>> Reporter: DESPOMMIER SAYS
PRODUCING ENOUGH FOOD FOR THE
THREE AND A HALF BILLION PEOPLE
LIVING IN CITIES TODAY REQUIRES
AN AMOUNT OF LAND TWICE THE SIZE
OF SOUTH AMERICA.
>> NOW THAT WOULD BE OKAY IF WE
COULD STABILIZE OUR POPULATION
AT SEVEN BILLION.
BUT THAT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
>> Reporter: DESPOMMIER BELIEVES
THAT 80% OF THE WORLD'S
POPULATION WILL BE LIVING IN
CITIES BY 2050, MAKING TODAY'S
CHALLENGES SEEM TRIVIAL BY
COMPARISON.
>> SO THE QUESTION ARISES, CAN
WE SUPPLY ENOUGH FOOD FOR
EVERYBODY ON THE PLANET
INCLUDING A GROWING URBAN
POPULATION.
AND I THINK WE CAN.
AND I THINK WE CAN DO IT BY
EMPOWERING PEOPLE IN THE CITIES
TO GROW FOOD RIGHT THERE.
>> Reporter: SKYGREENS' VERTICAL
FARM OFFERS ONE EXAMPLE OF HOW
THAT MAY BE POSSIBLE, NOT JUST
TECHNICALLY BUT ALSO
ECONOMICALLY.
THE SYSTEM IS TEN TIMES MORE
PRODUCTIVE PER SQUARE FOOT THAN
CONVENTIONAL FARMING.
IT ALSO TAKES A LOT LESS WATER,
LABOR AND CHEMICAL INPUTS.
DOCTOR LEE SING KONG DIRECTS
SINGAPORE'S NATIONAL INSTITUTE
OF EDUCATION.
>> I THINK EVENTUALLY URBAN
FACTORIES FOR VEGETABLE
PRODUCTION WOULD TAKE PLACE IN
PLACE OF ELECTRONIC FACTORIES IN
SINGAPORE.
>> Reporter: BUT LEE SAYS VISIT
ANY SINGAPORE RESTAURANT AND YOU
CAN SEE JUST HOW FAR THE COUNTRY
IS FROM BEING SELF-SUFFICIENT.
>> IF YOU LOOK AT THE PLATE OF
FOOD ON THE TABLE, SAY
VEGETABLES, IT COULD COME FROM
CHINA, IT COULD COME FROM THE
NEIGHBORING COUNTRIES OF
INDONESIA OR MALAYSIA OR IT
COULD COME IN TERMS OF SALAD
GREENS, AS FAR OFF AS THE U.S.
AND THE EUROPEAN COUNTRIES LIKE
HOLLAND OR AUSTRALIA.
>> Reporter: MAINTAINING THAT
SUPPLY OF FOOD FROM SO MANY
FOREIGN SOURCES IS A MONUMENTAL
TASK.
EVERY NIGHT HUNDREDS OF TRUCKS
ENTER SINGAPORE FROM MALAYSIA
AND BEYOND, UNLOADING THEIR
CARGO OF FRUIT AND VEGETABLES AT
THIS CENTRAL WHOLESALE MARKET.
FROM HERE THE FOOD IS LOADED
ONTO SMALLER TRUCKS AND
DELIVERED THROUGHOUT THE CITY
BEFORE SUNRISE.
MORE THAN 90% OF THE FOOD IN
SINGAPORE'S GROCERY STORES LIKE
THIS ONE COMES FROM FORENIG
COUNTRIES.
THAT MAKES LOCAL, URBAN PRODUCE
LIKE SKYGREENS A PREMIUM NOVELTY
FOR CUSTOMERS.
BUT TO SOME IT'S MUCH MORE THAN
THAT.
IT'S AN INSURANCE POLICY.
>> Reporter: SUPERMARKETS BUY
FOOD FROM DOZENS OF OTHER
COUNTRIES AS A DEFENSE AGAINST
CLIMATE-RELATED DISRUPTIONS IN
THE GLOBAL FOOD CHAIN.
BUT THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF
EDUCATION'S LEE SING KONG, SAYS
THAT EVEN THAT MAY NOT BE ENOUGH
TO GUARANTEE A STEADY FOOD
SUPPLY IN THE FUTURE.
>> WE DO ANTICIPATE THAT THE
NEED FOR OUR OWN PRODUCTION TO A
CERTAIN LEVEL OF SELF-
SUFFICIENCY.
I THINK THE GOVERNMENT HAS SET A
TARGET, INITIAL TARGET OF 10% TO
20% OF OUR NEED AND IF WE CAN
ACHIEVE THAT I THINK THERE WILL
BE A GREAT FEAT THAT WE HAVE
ATTAINED.
>> Reporter: SINGAPORE RECENTLY
INVESTED $20 MILLION IN A FUND
TO BOOST DOMESTIC FOOD
PRODUCTION THROUGH NEW FARMING
TECHNOLOGIES LIKE SKYGREENS.
BUT LEE SAYS INCENTIVES ALONE
AREN'T ENOUGH.
FIRST, HE SAYS, HIGH RISE
FARMING NEEDS TO BE COST
COMPETITIVE.
>> WHATEVER WE PRODUCE IN
SINGAPORE MUST COMPETE WITH THE
PRICES OF VEGETABLES COMING IN
SINGAPORE.
SO THAT'S WHY THE GOVERNMENT IN
SINGAPORE IS NOW ENCOURAGING
MODELS OF URBAN FARMING THAT CAN
REALLY NOT JUST INCREASE
PRODUCTIVITY BUT ALSO LOWERING
COST OF PRODUCTION.
>> Reporter: SKYGREENS OWNER
JACK NG SAYS HE'S CONFIDENT HE
CAN COMPETE.
THREE YEARS INTO HIS EXPERIMENT,
HE SAYS HIS OPERATING COSTS ARE
ONLY A QUARTER OF WHAT IT WOULD
COST TO RUN A CONVENTIONAL FARM.
AND SINCE HE'S LOCAL, HIS
TRANSPORTATION COSTS ARE ALSO
MINIMAL, MAKING HIS FRESH
LETTUCE AND CHINESE CABBAGE
PRICE-COMPETITIVE WITH MASS-
PRODUCED, CHEAP IMPORTS.
BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY, NG SAYS
THEY TASTE BETTER.
HE SAYS THE SAME DAY FRESHNESS
OF HIS GREENS IS A REAL SELLING
POINT.
>> SO FAR MY CUSTOMERS KEEP ON
ASKING US, "CAN YOU PRODUCE
MORE, CAN YOU SUPPLY MORE?"
>> Reporter: NG HAS RAISED $28
MILLION IN PUBLIC AND PRIVATE
MONEY TO MORE THAN QUADRUPLE HIS
CAPACITY OVER THE NEXT YEAR AND
A HALF.
AND IN FAST RISING SINGAPORE,
THAT SEEMS LIKE A SMART
INVESTMENT.
>> Ifill: YOU CAN FIND A PHOTO
ESSAY ABOUT SINGAPORE'S TOWERING
VEGETABLE GARDENS ON OUR
WEBSITE.
TOMORROW, WE LOOK AT HOW
CALIFORNIA'S DAIRY INDUSTRY IS
CHANGING GLOBAL TRADE.
>> Woodruff: FINALLY TONIGHT, WE
LOOK AT A QUESTION GETTING MORE
ATTENTION IN THE WAKE OF THE
SURVEILLANCE STORIES:
JUST HOW MUCH INFORMATION WE
ROUTINELY DISCLOSE ABOUT
OURSELVES ONLINE AND OUR OWN
ATTITUDES ABOUT THE USE OF THAT
DATA.
JEFFREY BROWN HAS OUR
CONVERSATION.
>> Brown: AND FOR THAT, WE'RE
JOINED BY VIKTOR MAYER-
SCHONEBERGER IS CO-AUTHOR OF THE
NEW BOOK-- "BIG DATA: A
REVOLUTION THAT WILL TRANSFORM
HOW WE LIVE, WORK, AND THINK."
KASHMIR HILL IS A SENIOR ONLINE
EDITOR AND WRITES THE TECHNOLOGY
AND PRIVACY COLUMN, "NOT-SO
PRIVATE PARTS" AT forbes.com
AND JULES POLONETSKY IS DIRECTOR
OF THE FUTURE OF PRIVACY FORUM,
A THINK TANK THAT PROMOTES
RESPONSIBLE DATA PRACTICES.
>> WELL, VIKTOR MAYER, I WANT TO
START WITH YOU.
BEFORE WE GET TO THE N.S.A.
EXPLICITLY, I WANT TO DESCRIBE
BRIEFLY THE WORLD OF BIG DATA
YOU'VE BEEN WRITING ABOUT.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
HOW AND WHERE DOES IT AFFECT ALL
OF US?
>> WELL, BIG DATA IS OUR ABILITY
TO REALLY SEE AT A LARGE SCALE
WHAT WE COULDN'T SEE AT A SMALL
SCALE.
AND BIG DATA IS ALL ARNDOU US.
IF WE SEARCH ONLINE WITH GOOGLE,
THAT'S BIG DATA.
IF WE ASK ALPS ON OUR IPHONE,
THE VIDEO RECOMMENDATIONS ON NET
THAT'S BIG DATA.
FLEX, THAT'S BIG DATA.
THE VIDEO RECOMMENDATIONS ON NET
IF BING TRAVEL TELLS US WHETHER
FLEX, THAT'S BIG DATA.
OR NOT A TICKET PRICE GOES UP OR
IF BING TRAVEL TELLS US WHETHER
DOWN MOST LIKELY OVER THE NEXT
OR NOT A TICKET PRICE GOES UP OR
COUPLE OF DAYS, THAT'S BIG DATA.
DOWN MOST LIKELY OVER THE NEXT
BUT IT GOES BEYOND THE INTERNET
COUPLE OF DAYS, THAT'S BIG DATA.
COMPANIES.
BUT IT GOES BEYOND THE INTERNET
WE SEE IT WHEN AIRLINES THAT
COMPANIES.
MAKE PREDICTIVE REPAIR AND
WE SEE IT WHEN AIRLINES THAT
MAINTENANCE ON THEIR JET ENGINES
MAKE PREDICTIVE REPAIR AND
OR WHEN INFLATION RATES ARE
MAINTENANCE ON THEIR JET ENGINES
BEING ANNOUNCED ALMOST IN
OR WHEN INFLATION RATES ARE
REALTIME NOT BY GOVERNMENT
BEING ANNOUNCED ALMOST IN
OFFICIALS BUT BY A STARTUP
REALTIME NOT BY GOVERNMENT
COMPANY OUT OF BOSTON THAT
OFFICIALS BUT BY A STARTUP
MONITORS ONLINE PRICE DATA
COMPANY OUT OF BOSTON THAT
POINTS.
MONITORS ONLINE PRICE DATA
SO BIG DATA IS REALLY
POINTS.
EVERYWHERE.
SO BIG DATA IS REALLY
>> Brown: SO KASHMIR HILL, WE'VE
EVERYWHERE.
TALKED ON THE SHOW SEVERAL TIMES
>> Brown: SO KASHMIR HILL, WE'VE
ABOUT THE PRIVACY ISSUE IN THE
TALKED ON THE SHOW SEVERAL TIMES
CONTEXT OF FACEBOOK, GOOGLE,
ABOUT THE PRIVACY ISSUE IN THE
VARIOUS TIMES.
CONTEXT OF FACEBOOK, GOOGLE,
HOW MUCH DO YOU THINK PEOPLE ARE
VARIOUS TIMES.
AWARE OF THIS BIG DATA WORLD
HOW MUCH DO YOU THINK PEOPLE ARE
THAT THAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT?
AWARE OF THIS BIG DATA WORLD
>> I THINK PEOPLE ARE THINKING
THAT THAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT?
ABOUT THIS A LOT THESE DAYS AND
>> I THINK PEOPLE ARE THINKING
PRIVACY HAS BECOME SOMETHING
ABOUT THIS A LOT THESE DAYS AND
VERY INTERESTING TO PEOPLE IN
PRIVACY HAS BECOME SOMETHING
PART I THINK BECAUSE THEY'RE ON
VERY INTERESTING TO PEOPLE IN
FACEBOOK AND THEY'RE SHARING SO
PART I THINK BECAUSE THEY'RE ON
MUCH INFORMATION AND EVERYONE
FACEBOOK AND THEY'RE SHARING SO
HAS A SMART PHONE AND THEY'RE
MUCH INFORMATION AND EVERYONE
DOWNLOADING APPS THAT ARE
HAS A SMART PHONE AND THEY'RE
SHARING A LOT OF INFORMATION
DOWNLOADING APPS THAT ARE
ABOUT THEM FROM WHERE THEY ARE,
SHARING A LOT OF INFORMATION
THEIR LOCATION INFORMATION TO
ABOUT THEM FROM WHERE THEY ARE,
WHO THEIR CONTACTS ARE.
THEIR LOCATION INFORMATION TO
SO I THINK PEOPLE ARE THINKING
WHO THEIR CONTACTS ARE.
ABOUT IT A LOT.
SO I THINK PEOPLE ARE THINKING
BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE ALSO
ABOUT IT A LOT.
AWARE OF THE BENEFITS OF BIG
BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE ALSO
DATA.
AWARE OF THE BENEFITS OF BIG
SO I THINK PEOPLE ARE OFTEN
DATA.
GIVING UP THAT INFORMATION
SO I THINK PEOPLE ARE OFTEN
KNOWING THAT THEY'RE GOING TO
GIVING UP THAT INFORMATION
GET SOMETHING IN RETURN.
KNOWING THAT THEY'RE GOING TO
SO THERE'S A LOT TO THINK ABOUT
GET SOMETHING IN RETURN.
RIGHT NOW IN TERMS OF IF THE
SO THERE'S A LOT TO THINK ABOUT
TRADEOFFS ARE WORTH IT AND WHEN
RIGHT NOW IN TERMS OF IF THE
IT'S TOO PRIVATE INVASIVE FOR
TRADEOFFS ARE WORTH IT AND WHEN
PEOPLE.
IT'S TOO PRIVATE INVASIVE FOR
>> Brown: JULES POLONETSKY, PICK
PEOPLE.
UP ON THAT.
>> Brown: JULES POLONETSKY, PICK
THERE ARE PLUSES AND MINUSES.
UP ON THAT.
HAVE YOU SEEN AN EVOLUTION IN
THERE ARE PLUSES AND MINUSES.
HOW MUCH PEOPLE ARE AWARE AND
HAVE YOU SEEN AN EVOLUTION IN
RESPONDING TO WHAT'S AROUND
HOW MUCH PEOPLE ARE AWARE AND
THEM?
RESPONDING TO WHAT'S AROUND
>> PEOPLE ARE CLEARLY AWARE BUT
THEM?
THEY DON'T ALWAYS THINK ABOUT IN
>> PEOPLE ARE CLEARLY AWARE BUT
THE TERMS OF DATA OR PRIVACY.
THEY DON'T ALWAYS THINK ABOUT IN
ALL THEY KNOW IS AMAZON
THE TERMS OF DATA OR PRIVACY.
RECOMMENDED A BOOK AND IT TURNS
ALL THEY KNOW IS AMAZON
OUT IT SEEMS TO BE BASED ON WHAT
RECOMMENDED A BOOK AND IT TURNS
OTHER PEOPLE ARE BUYING AND THEY
OUT IT SEEMS TO BE BASED ON WHAT
KIND OF LIKE THAT.
OTHER PEOPLE ARE BUYING AND THEY
THEY LIKE THAT NETFLIX CAN
KIND OF LIKE THAT.
RECOMMEND AND MAKE THEIR QUEUE
THEY LIKE THAT NETFLIX CAN
EASIER AND SMARTER.
RECOMMEND AND MAKE THEIR QUEUE
BUT WHEN YOU SIT BACK AND SAY
EASIER AND SMARTER.
"WELL, DO YOU LIKE IT THAT
BUT WHEN YOU SIT BACK AND SAY
EVERYBODY KNOWS EVERYTHING ABOUT
"WELL, DO YOU LIKE IT THAT
YOU?"
EVERYBODY KNOWS EVERYTHING ABOUT
WELL, THAT SOUNDS SCARY.
YOU?"
SO I THINK THE CHALLENGE IS HOW
WELL, THAT SOUNDS SCARY.
DO WE GET THE BENEFITS?
SO I THINK THE CHALLENGE IS HOW
HOW DO WE SOLVE DISEASES BECAUSE
DO WE GET THE BENEFITS?
WE'RE BETTER ABLE TO ANALYZE
HOW DO WE SOLVE DISEASES BECAUSE
LOTS OF HEALTH DATA?
WE'RE BETTER ABLE TO ANALYZE
HOW DO WE FIGURE OUT WHAT
LOTS OF HEALTH DATA?
SCHOOLS ARE REALLY WORKING BY
HOW DO WE FIGURE OUT WHAT
ANALYZING WHAT ACTUALLY WORKS
SCHOOLS ARE REALLY WORKING BY
FOR A PARTICULAR STUDENT?
ANALYZING WHAT ACTUALLY WORKS
ALL OF THOSE THINGS ARE GOING TO
FOR A PARTICULAR STUDENT?
PERHAPS MAKE OUR PLANET SMARTER
ALL OF THOSE THINGS ARE GOING TO
THE WAY I.B.M. STARTS ARGUES,
PERHAPS MAKE OUR PLANET SMARTER
SMARTER PLANET.
THE WAY I.B.M. STARTS ARGUES,
>> Brown: IN THE BEST OF ALL
SMARTER PLANET.
WORLDS.
>> Brown: IN THE BEST OF ALL
>> BUT EACH OF THOSE THINGS CAN
WORLDS.
COME WITH A BIG NEGATIVE.
>> BUT EACH OF THOSE THINGS CAN
WHETHER PEOPLE PROFILE YOU,
COME WITH A BIG NEGATIVE.
DISCRIMINATE AGAINST YOU?
WHETHER PEOPLE PROFILE YOU,
HAVE L THE GOVERNMENT PREDICT
DISCRIMINATE AGAINST YOU?
THAT YOU'RE GOING TO BE A WAY
HAVE L THE GOVERNMENT PREDICT
THAT -- BE A CRIMINAL IN A WAY
THAT YOU'RE GOING TO BE A WAY
THAT FRIGHTENS YOU.
THAT -- BE A CRIMINAL IN A WAY
SO WE HAVE TO GET THIS BALANCE
THAT FRIGHTENS YOU.
RIGHT OR WE'RE IN FOR A LOT OF
SO WE HAVE TO GET THIS BALANCE
DEBATES.
RIGHT OR WE'RE IN FOR A LOT OF
>> Brown: WELL, VIKTOR
DEBATES.
MAYER-SCHONBERGER, WE SEE THIS
>> Brown: WELL, VIKTOR
POLLING DATA RIGHT AFTERWARD
MAYER-SCHONBERGER, WE SEE THIS
THAT AT LEAST SUGGESTS A PA
POLLING DATA RIGHT AFTERWARD
MAJORITY OF AMERICANS ARE
THAT AT LEAST SUGGESTS A PA
RELATIVELY COMFORTABLE WITH
MAJORITY OF AMERICANS ARE
WHAT'S GOING ON.
RELATIVELY COMFORTABLE WITH
HOW DO YOU FIT THAT INTO THE
WHAT'S GOING ON.
KINDS OF CONCERNS WE'RE TALKING
HOW DO YOU FIT THAT INTO THE
ABOUT?
KINDS OF CONCERNS WE'RE TALKING
>> WELL, I THINK WE DON'T KNOW
ABOUT?
ALL THE FACTS YET AND I THINK
>> WELL, I THINK WE DON'T KNOW
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC IS JUST
ALL THE FACTS YET AND I THINK
MAKING UP ITS MIND RIGHT NOW.
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC IS JUST
A SIGNIFICANT PORTION MAY BE
MAKING UP ITS MIND RIGHT NOW.
COMFORTABLE NOW BUT AS MORE
A SIGNIFICANT PORTION MAY BE
INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE
COMFORTABLE NOW BUT AS MORE
THAT MIGHT SHIFT.
INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE
THE SITUATION IS STILL FLUID AND
THAT MIGHT SHIFT.
I'VE SEEN A SURVEY THAT SAID
THE SITUATION IS STILL FLUID AND
THAT ABOUT 40% OF THE PEOPLE IN
I'VE SEEN A SURVEY THAT SAID
THE UNITED STATES UNCOMFORTABLE.
THAT ABOUT 40% OF THE PEOPLE IN
WHAT REALLY THIS POINTS TOWARDS
THE UNITED STATES UNCOMFORTABLE.
IS THAT THIS IS EARLY DAYS IN
WHAT REALLY THIS POINTS TOWARDS
WHAT WE NEED TO HAVE IS A PUBLIC
IS THAT THIS IS EARLY DAYS IN
DEBATE ABOUT THE PROS AND CONS,
WHAT WE NEED TO HAVE IS A PUBLIC
AS JULES SAID, AND THAT PUBLIC
DEBATE ABOUT THE PROS AND CONS,
DEBATE COULD BE THE POSITIVE
AS JULES SAID, AND THAT PUBLIC
OUTCOME OF THAT N.S.A.
DEBATE COULD BE THE POSITIVE
SITUATION.
OUTCOME OF THAT N.S.A.
>> Brown: JUST TO STAY WITH YOU
SITUATION.
FOR A MOMENT, YOU'VE BEEN
>> Brown: JUST TO STAY WITH YOU
LOOKING AT THIS FOR MANY YEARS.
FOR A MOMENT, YOU'VE BEEN
ARE YOU SANGUINE, ARE YOU
LOOKING AT THIS FOR MANY YEARS.
CONCERNED?
ARE YOU SANGUINE, ARE YOU
ARE YOU COMING OUT ON ONE SIDE
CONCERNED?
OR THE OTHER?
ARE YOU COMING OUT ON ONE SIDE
>> I AM QUITE CONCERNED BUT I'M
OR THE OTHER?
NOT SO MUCH CONCERNED ABOUT THE
>> I AM QUITE CONCERNED BUT I'M
CIVILIANS ASPECT THAN ABOUT HOW
NOT SO MUCH CONCERNED ABOUT THE
BIG DATA CAN BE ABUSED FOR
CIVILIANS ASPECT THAN ABOUT HOW
PREDICTIONS, PREDICTIONS ABOUT
BIG DATA CAN BE ABUSED FOR
FUTURE BEHAVIOR.
PREDICTIONS, PREDICTIONS ABOUT
AND IF WE USE THESE PREDICTIONS
FUTURE BEHAVIOR.
TO THEN PUNISH PEOPLE, TO
AND IF WE USE THESE PREDICTIONS
PENALIZE THEM, NOT FOR WHAT THEY
TO THEN PUNISH PEOPLE, TO
HAVE DONE BUT WHAT THEY'RE ONLY
PENALIZE THEM, NOT FOR WHAT THEY
PREDICTED TO DO, THEN WE ARE ON
HAVE DONE BUT WHAT THEY'RE ONLY
A SLIPPERY SLOPE TOWARDS
PREDICTED TO DO, THEN WE ARE ON
"MINORITY REPORT" AND THAT KEEPS
A SLIPPERY SLOPE TOWARDS
ME UP AT NIGHT.
"MINORITY REPORT" AND THAT KEEPS
>> Brown: "MINORITY REPORT"
ME UP AT NIGHT.
MEANING THE OLD MOVIE THAT
>> Brown: "MINORITY REPORT"
SHOWED DATA COMING INTO OUR
MEANING THE OLD MOVIE THAT
LIVES, RIGHT?
SHOWED DATA COMING INTO OUR
KASHMIR, LET ME ASK YOU: HOW
LIVES, RIGHT?
MUCH OF THIS DO YOU THINK IS
KASHMIR, LET ME ASK YOU: HOW
GENERATIONAL?
MUCH OF THIS DO YOU THINK IS
IT'S OFTEN TALKED ABOUT YOUNGER
GENERATIONAL?
PEOPLE ARE COMING UP IN A WORLD
IT'S OFTEN TALKED ABOUT YOUNGER
WHERE THEY JUST LIVE ON LINE AND
PEOPLE ARE COMING UP IN A WORLD
THEY'RE VERY COMFORTABLE GIVING
WHERE THEY JUST LIVE ON LINE AND
OUT A LOT OF DATA.
THEY'RE VERY COMFORTABLE GIVING
>> ONE THING THAT'S BEEN
OUT A LOT OF DATA.
INTERESTING TO SEE THAT HAS
>> ONE THING THAT'S BEEN
PLAYS OUT, THERE'S ALL THESE
INTERESTING TO SEE THAT HAS
DIFFERENT POLLS AND SOME SAY
PLAYS OUT, THERE'S ALL THESE
THAT YOUNG PEOPLE CARE LESS
DIFFERENT POLLS AND SOME SAY
ABOUT PRIVACY AND OTHERS SAY
THAT YOUNG PEOPLE CARE LESS
THEY CARE MORE.
ABOUT PRIVACY AND OTHERS SAY
BUT WHAT'S BEEN INTERESTING
THEY CARE MORE.
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE LEARNING ABOUT
BUT WHAT'S BEEN INTERESTING
THE N.S.A. IS SOME PEOPLE ARE
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE LEARNING ABOUT
SHOCKED BY IT BUT SOME PEOPLE
THE N.S.A. IS SOME PEOPLE ARE
HAVE BEEN TOLD FOR SO LONG THAT
SHOCKED BY IT BUT SOME PEOPLE
EVERYTHING WE DO IS TRACKED,
HAVE BEEN TOLD FOR SO LONG THAT
WE'RE GIVING OUT ALL OF THIS
EVERYTHING WE DO IS TRACKED,
INFORMATION AND THE WAY THAT WE
WE'RE GIVING OUT ALL OF THIS
LIVE TODAY WHEN WE WALK AROUND
INFORMATION AND THE WAY THAT WE
WITH A SMART PHONE TRACKING US
LIVE TODAY WHEN WE WALK AROUND
ALL THE TIME AND THESE DOSSIERS
WITH A SMART PHONE TRACKING US
ABOUT OURSELVES ON FACE FWHOOK
ALL THE TIME AND THESE DOSSIERS
IT SEEMS SOME PEOPLE ARE JUST
ABOUT OURSELVES ON FACE FWHOOK
USED TO THIS AND AREN'T AS
IT SEEMS SOME PEOPLE ARE JUST
SURPRISED BUT THEY THOUGHT IT
USED TO THIS AND AREN'T AS
WAS HAPPENING ALREADY.
SURPRISED BUT THEY THOUGHT IT
SO IT'S INTERESTING KIND OF WHAT
WAS HAPPENING ALREADY.
HAPPENS IN TERMS OF EXPECTATION
SO IT'S INTERESTING KIND OF WHAT
OF PRIVACY AS YOU TELL PEOPLE
HAPPENS IN TERMS OF EXPECTATION
OVER AND OVER AGAIN THEY HAVE NO
OF PRIVACY AS YOU TELL PEOPLE
PRIVACY AND THEN WHEN IT'S
OVER AND OVER AGAIN THEY HAVE NO
CONFIRMED THEY'RE NOT SURPRISED
PRIVACY AND THEN WHEN IT'S
BY IT.
CONFIRMED THEY'RE NOT SURPRISED
>> Brown: WELL, THAT'S AN
BY IT.
INTERESTING WAY OF THINKING
>> Brown: WELL, THAT'S AN
ABOUT IT, JULES POLONETSKY.
INTERESTING WAY OF THINKING
IS THERE A DIFFERENCE WHEN IT'S
ABOUT IT, JULES POLONETSKY.
NATIONAL SECURITY AS OPPOSED TO
IS THERE A DIFFERENCE WHEN IT'S
AMAZON TELLING ME WHAT BOOK I
NATIONAL SECURITY AS OPPOSED TO
MIGHT WANT?
AMAZON TELLING ME WHAT BOOK I
>> THE SAME SOLUTION, FRANKLY,
MIGHT WANT?
IS NEEDED IN BOTH THESE AREAS.
>> THE SAME SOLUTION, FRANKLY,
>>, AND THAT'S TRANSPARN CITY.
IS NEEDED IN BOTH THESE AREAS.
COMPANIES SAY "TRUST US, WE WANT
>>, AND THAT'S TRANSPARN CITY.
TO SELL YOU STUFF, YOU HAVE
COMPANIES SAY "TRUST US, WE WANT
NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT."
TO SELL YOU STUFF, YOU HAVE
THE GOVERNMENT SAYS "TRUST US,
NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT."
WE WANT TO CATCH TERRORISTS."
THE GOVERNMENT SAYS "TRUST US,
BUT THIS IS TOO IMPORTANT TO
WE WANT TO CATCH TERRORISTS."
JUST TRUST.
BUT THIS IS TOO IMPORTANT TO
SO WE NEED TRANSPARENCY.
JUST TRUST.
WE NEED TO KNOW THAT SOMEONE IS
SO WE NEED TRANSPARENCY.
WATCHING THE WATCHERS.
WE NEED TO KNOW THAT SOMEONE IS
FINALLY THE CIVIL LIBERTIES
WATCHING THE WATCHERS.
BOARD HAS BEEN APPOINTED AND
FINALLY THE CIVIL LIBERTIES
THEY'RE GOING TO BE TAKING A
BOARD HAS BEEN APPOINTED AND
LOOK INTO THIS.
THEY'RE GOING TO BE TAKING A
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION HAS A
LOOK INTO THIS.
BUNCH OF OPEN CHEAP PRIVACY
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION HAS A
OFFICER ROLES THAT NEED TO BE
BUNCH OF OPEN CHEAP PRIVACY
FILLED AT THE DEPARTMENT OF
OFFICER ROLES THAT NEED TO BE
JUSTICE, AT HOMELAND SECURITY.
FILLED AT THE DEPARTMENT OF
WE NEED TO KNOW THAT IF DATA IS
JUSTICE, AT HOMELAND SECURITY.
BEING COLLECTED FOR TERRORISM OR
WE NEED TO KNOW THAT IF DATA IS
IF IT'S BEING COLLECTED TO
BEING COLLECTED FOR TERRORISM OR
INVENT THE NEXT GREAT NEW
IF IT'S BEING COLLECTED TO
PRODUCT THAT THERE ARE PEOPLE
INVENT THE NEXT GREAT NEW
SCRUTINIZING-- HUMANS, NOT JUST
PRODUCT THAT THERE ARE PEOPLE
PREDICTING WHO THE NEXT CRIMINAL
SCRUTINIZING-- HUMANS, NOT JUST
IS-- BUT SCRUTINIZING AND MAKING
PREDICTING WHO THE NEXT CRIMINAL
SURE THAT THE RISKS ARE BEING
IS-- BUT SCRUTINIZING AND MAKING
MINIMIZED AND AVOIDED.
SURE THAT THE RISKS ARE BEING
>> Brown: DO YOU SEE ANY SIGNS
MINIMIZED AND AVOIDED.
THAT THE PUBLIC IS -- WHERE
>> Brown: DO YOU SEE ANY SIGNS
THINGS ARE GOING?
THAT THE PUBLIC IS -- WHERE
PUBLISH PUSHING BACK AGAINST
THINGS ARE GOING?
PRIVACY CONCERNS OR GETTING MORE
PUBLISH PUSHING BACK AGAINST
COMFORTABLE?
PRIVACY CONCERNS OR GETTING MORE
>> I THINK WE'VE BEEN SEEING --
COMFORTABLE?
YOU KNOW, THIS IS A GREAT
>> I THINK WE'VE BEEN SEEING --
EXPLOSION BUT WE'VE SEEN
YOU KNOW, THIS IS A GREAT
PUSHBACK WHEN FACEBOOK HAS MADE
EXPLOSION BUT WE'VE SEEN
MOVES THAT THE PUBLIC DIDN'T
PUSHBACK WHEN FACEBOOK HAS MADE
LIKE.
MOVES THAT THE PUBLIC DIDN'T
WHEN AMAZON HAS MADE MOVES.
LIKE.
WHEN APPLE'S MADE MOVES.
WHEN AMAZON HAS MADE MOVES.
WE HAVEN'T SEEN THIS GIANT
WHEN APPLE'S MADE MOVES.
UPRISING OF PEOPLE DEBATING AND
WE HAVEN'T SEEN THIS GIANT
CALLING CONGRESS BUT I THINK
UPRISING OF PEOPLE DEBATING AND
CONSUMERS IN THIS DAY AND AGE
CALLING CONGRESS BUT I THINK
HAVE THE TOOLS TO MAKE QUICK
CONSUMERS IN THIS DAY AND AGE
DECISIONS AND IF COMPANIES
HAVE THE TOOLS TO MAKE QUICK
AREN'T CAREFUL, THEY'LL BE
DECISIONS AND IF COMPANIES
MAKING THEM.
AREN'T CAREFUL, THEY'LL BE
>> Woodruff: JUST BRIEFLY FROM
MAKING THEM.
YOU VIKTOR MAYER-SCHONBERGER, DO
>> Woodruff: JUST BRIEFLY FROM
YOU SEE ANY BEGINNINGS OF A
YOU VIKTOR MAYER-SCHONBERGER, DO
PUSHBACK OR PEOPLE GETTING MORE
YOU SEE ANY BEGINNINGS OF A
COMFORTABLE?
PUSHBACK OR PEOPLE GETTING MORE
>> WELL, JUST A HERE IS FACT
COMFORTABLE?
GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK AND
>> WELL, JUST A HERE IS FACT
MICROSOFT WERE SO QUICKLY
GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK AND
REACTING TO THIS SITUATION BY
MICROSOFT WERE SO QUICKLY
ANNOUNCING THAT THEY WANT THE
REACTING TO THIS SITUATION BY
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO PERMIT
ANNOUNCING THAT THEY WANT THE
THEM TO MAKE PUBLIC THE NUMBERS
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO PERMIT
-- THE NUMBER OF TIMES THEY HAD
THEM TO MAKE PUBLIC THE NUMBERS
GIVEN ACCESS TO GOVERNMENT
-- THE NUMBER OF TIMES THEY HAD
AGENCIES SHOWS THAT THESE
GIVEN ACCESS TO GOVERNMENT
COMPANIES REALLY CARE ABOUT
AGENCIES SHOWS THAT THESE
CONSUMER TRUST AND THEY CARE
COMPANIES REALLY CARE ABOUT
ABOUT LOSING THAT.
CONSUMER TRUST AND THEY CARE
THEY'RE AFRAID OF LOSING THAT.
ABOUT LOSING THAT.
AND THIS SHOWS TO ME THAT TRUST
THEY'RE AFRAID OF LOSING THAT.
IS BRITTLE.
AND THIS SHOWS TO ME THAT TRUST
AND IF IT IS NOT MAINTAINED, IF
IS BRITTLE.
IT IS NOT CARED FOR, IT MAY
AND IF IT IS NOT MAINTAINED, IF
ERODE VERY QUICKLY.
IT IS NOT CARED FOR, IT MAY
>> Brown: VIKTOR
ERODE VERY QUICKLY.
MAYER-SCHONBERGER, JULES
>> Brown: VIKTOR
POLONETSKY AND KASHMIR HILL,
MAYER-SCHONBERGER, JULES
THANK YOU ALL THREE.
POLONETSKY AND KASHMIR HILL,
>> Ifill: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
THANK YOU ALL THREE.
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY:
>> Ifill: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
THE ARMY GENERAL RUNNING THE
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY:
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
THE ARMY GENERAL RUNNING THE
DEFENDED EXTENSIVE SURVEILLANCE
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
OF PHONE CALLS AND ONLINE
DEFENDED EXTENSIVE SURVEILLANCE
COMMUNICATIONS.
OF PHONE CALLS AND ONLINE
AND THE C.I.A.'S DEPUTY
COMMUNICATIONS.
DIRECTOR, MICHAEL MORELL,
AND THE C.I.A.'S DEPUTY
ANNOUNCED HE'LL RETIRE.
DIRECTOR, MICHAEL MORELL,
HE DREW CRITICISM FOR DEFENDING
ANNOUNCED HE'LL RETIRE.
HARSH INTERROGATION TECHNIQUES
HE DREW CRITICISM FOR DEFENDING
AND FOR THE RESPONSE TO THE
HARSH INTERROGATION TECHNIQUES
ATTACK IN BENGHAZI, LIBYA.
AND FOR THE RESPONSE TO THE
>> Woodruff: ONLINE,
ATTACK IN BENGHAZI, LIBYA.
SNOWBOARDING ON MARS.
>> Woodruff: ONLINE,
KWAME HOLMAN EXPLAINS.
SNOWBOARDING ON MARS.
>> Holman: SCIENTISTS HAVE FOUND
KWAME HOLMAN EXPLAINS.
DRY ICE CAN CUT STEEP GULLIES
>> Holman: SCIENTISTS HAVE FOUND
ACROSS THE MARTIAN LANDSCAPE,
DRY ICE CAN CUT STEEP GULLIES
CREATING SOMETHING AKIN TO SKI
ACROSS THE MARTIAN LANDSCAPE,
SLOPES.
CREATING SOMETHING AKIN TO SKI
WATCH THAT VIDEO ON OUR SCIENCE
SLOPES.
WEDNESDAY POST.
WATCH THAT VIDEO ON OUR SCIENCE
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR
WEDNESDAY POST.
WEBSITE newshour.pbs.org.
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR
GWEN?
WEBSITE newshour.pbs.org.
>> Ifill: AND THAT'S THE
GWEN?
"NEWSHOUR" FOR TONIGHT.
>> Ifill: AND THAT'S THE
I'M GWEN IFILL
"NEWSHOUR" FOR TONIGHT.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
I'M GWEN IFILL
WOODRUFF.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AND AGAIN
WOODRUFF.
HERE TOMORROW EVENING.
WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AND AGAIN
THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT.